# Catch Me If You Can 
## About project
CMIYC or Catch Me If You Can – is a police search engine.
The main goal of project – help policeman’s get data about someone from 3 API’s (National Crime Information Center, Federal Reserve Economic Data and DataGov).
CMIYC have microservice architecture with Spring Boot, user interface with Angular, secured by JWT token and 2 Factor Authenticator. Also our project is deployed on cloud.

We have 3 micro services, 3 API’s, authentication server, database, admin and client UI and bucket on cloud.

## Main flow:
After sign in, our client UI connects with Search API. Then Search API request JSON from Data API, converted from XML schema which we bring from backed, that is on cloud. Our schema has search fields, and combinations from which we understand what fields we need for searching in our 3 API’s.

Search API give converted schema to client UI, and it builds our form due to JSON.

Than user put data in form, and send it. Search API give request to Connector API, that connects with 3 API’s (National Crime Information Center, Federal Reserve Economic Data and DataGov). This API’s have 3 different connections SOAP, REST and Web Socket, and we can search in them if we have necessary fields (for all 3 API’s they are different). So Connector API connect with that API’s, for which he has necessary fields, and they return some data, that we convert to JSON and send it to Search API, that return it to Client UI.

That how works our main flow. All connections are secured by JWT token that have generated by authentication server, and in all stages we check it with our authentication server.

Also we have admin interfaces for managing users (that in our database) and managing schemas (that in our cloud).
